hey guys what up my girls here rocking
guitar lessons calm and youtube.com
slash rocking guitar lessons one that's
Eddie Money with take me home tonight
it's a cool riff man this song reminds
me a little bit of Brian Brian Adams you
know kind of that whole vibe it's kind
of the same time era and everything so
some cool chords I'm using my bridge
pickup so it's a little more troubling
and Toni got some coursing on my
rocktron effects to fill it in which a
lot of guitar players use for clean
channel is a coursing if you're looking
to get some effects get a chorus man of
course right of course is a course of
course unless the course is nevermind
pinky for D first finger one g middle
finger to be go D G B or way that's
wrong third finger three D pinky for G
and middle finger to be and leave your
one first finger on one G you'll see why
okay then lift your third finger and
your pinky off only and take your pinky
and go to 4d and go G B D G and you
really should be picking that down down
up down
down down up down up and then start that
whole thing again there don't change
chords oh just do the D G B though so we
have
and then take that whole shape that
you're playing and move it two frets up
so it's 6 d 3 g 4b and go D G B D G down
down up down up then you're back
all right so I hope you dig that man
that's some Eddie Money for you take me
home tonight is it home dang I'm
horrible with words the things take me
home tonight anyways listen that effect
it's tight huh alright so my name is
micros rocking guitars and calms my
website coming in July of 2012 I hope
you guys chat least check it out because
it'll be a hands-on step-by-step way of
learning the guitar make sure you you
have all the right habits and everything
and then my youtube channel is
youtube.com slash rocking guitar lessons
1 if you're not subscribed go do that I
wish I had this back in the 80s and I
was learning because I'd be all over a
man after waiting in the mail for my
Gangstar licks to show up for two three
weeks praying it wouldn't rain and slow
slow the mailman down that's how it was
back in the dinosaur days man but I
wanted it so it's just a lot more
convenient for people nowadays that's
for dang sure
so subscribe make requests if you have
any questions on this stuff let me know
comments are always appreciated
or I will talk to you soon guys
make sure your standard tuned on this
too okay
Oh